# Jetpack Notices

There are a few different ways to display a Notice in Jetpack. There are also different types.

## Global Notices

- These are non-persistent notices triggered by a user action, for example activating a module.
- They do not persist (gone after page refresh)
- They are dismissible.
- They are stored in `state.jetpack.globalNotices`

The actions generated by these notices are `NEW_NOTICE` and `REMOVE_NOTICE`.

#### Example

Import from components:
`import { createNotice, removeNotice } from 'components/global-notices/state/notices/actions';`

Create Notice:
`dispatch( createNotice( 'is-info', 'Notice Message', { id: 'NOTICE_ID' } ) );`

Remove Notice
`dispatch( removeNotice( 'NOTICE_ID' ) );`

[Read the full readme](../../notices/README.md)

## [State Notices](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/trunk/projects/plugins/jetpack/_inc/client/components/jetpack-notices/state-notices.jsx)

These are triggered by PHP, most commonly to display an error during connection.

- These notices are triggered by a cookie set in the browser in PHP, [by the `state()` method](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/trunk/projects/packages/status/src/class-cookiestate.php).
- They do not persist (gone after page refresh)
- They are dismissible.
- They do not take any props, nor are they connected to the Redux state tree.

## [Dismissible Notice](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/trunk/projects/plugins/jetpack/_inc/client/components/jetpack-notices/dismissable.jsx)

- These are notices that are triggered by actions.
- Each notice has a corresponding key, which is set in the `jetpack-notices/reducer.js` file
- The keys are stored in `state.jetpack.jetpackNotices.notice`
- They are regular notices, not styled like GlobalNotices.
- They are dismissible.
- They do not persist.

#### How to use:

In jetpack-notices/reducer.js:

```import YOUR_DESIRED_ACTION from 'state/action-types';

const notice = ( state = false, action ) => {
	switch ( action.type ) {
		case YOUR_DESIRED_ACTION:
			return 'your_key';

		default:
			return state;
	}
};
```

Then, add that key to the `switch()` statement in the DismissableNotices component, and return the SimpleNotice as you'd like it.
