projects/plugins/jetpack/extensions/plugins/publicize/hooks/use-social-media-connections/Readme.md, before:

# useSocialMediaConnections() hook

React hook to deal with the social media connections.

### toggleById( <id> )

Enable/disable the state of the social media connection, according to the given connection ID.

```es6
import useSocialMediaConnections from './hooks/use-social-media-actions';

function ToggleConnectionControl() {
	const { toggleById } = useSocialMediaConnections();
	const id = 'my-connection-id';

	return (
		<Button onClick={ toggleById( id ) }>
			Enable/Disable social media connection
		</Button>
	);
}
```

### connections

The connections list for the site.

### hasConnections

Boolean value that is True when there are available connections. Otherwise, False.

### refresh()

This method will refresh and save the current post in order to propagate the metadata where the connections store.

```es6
import { Button } from '@wordpress/components';
import useSocialMediaConnections from './hooks/use-social-media-connection';

function SocialMediaTextarea() {
	const { refresh } = useSocialMediaConnection();

	return (
		<Button
			value={ message }
			onClick={ refresh }
		>
			Click on it to update the social media connections.
		</Button>
	);
}
```

Commit message:

Publicize: add useSharePost() hook (#21375)
* [not verified] add use-share-post hook

* [not verified] add share post super basic button

* [not verified] do not show share button when flag is disabled

* [not verified] changelog

* [not verified] memoize use share hook

* [not verified] change the use shar post API. It returns an object

* [not verified] add isFetching state to the useSharePost hook

* rename and fix typo

* Add skippedConnections to useSocialMediaConnections() hook

* refacotring useSharePost() hook, avoiding the callback

* update the panel to the new useSharePost API

* change the way to trigger the publicize request

projects/plugins/jetpack/extensions/plugins/publicize/hooks/use-social-media-connections/Readme.md, after:

# useSocialMediaConnections() hook

React hook to deal with the social media connections.

### toggleById( <id> )

Enable/disable the state of the social media connection, according to the given connection ID.

```es6
import useSocialMediaConnections from './hooks/use-social-media-actions';

function ToggleConnectionControl() {
	const { toggleById } = useSocialMediaConnections();
	const id = 'my-connection-id';

	return (
		<Button onClick={ toggleById( id ) }>
			Enable/Disable social media connection
		</Button>
	);
}
```

### connections

The connections list for the site.

### skippedConnections

The connections list, disabled by the user.

### hasConnections

Boolean value that is True when there are available connections. Otherwise, False.

### refresh()

This method will refresh and save the current post in order to propagate the metadata where the connections store.

```es6
import { Button } from '@wordpress/components';
import useSocialMediaConnections from './hooks/use-social-media-connection';

function SocialMediaTextarea() {
	const { refresh } = useSocialMediaConnection();

	return (
		<Button
			value={ message }
			onClick={ refresh }
		>
			Click on it to update the social media connections.
		</Button>
	);
}
```
